Please punish the father severely
Please punish the emperor severely
Since the truth has not yet been found out
Severe punishment is on hold for the time being
Zhuo
Ordered by the Ministry of Rites
Severe scrutiny of Wang Xun and the Duke's Mansion
With respect and filial piety
Father is wise
No idea.
This king not only retreated, but also fought backwards
Surprise or not
Is it surprising?
Hahahaha
you
Humph
I'm really pissed off this princess
Obviously they came to assassinate Ben Gong
Looking back, we will be convicted of slander
Is the father emperor confused?
The emperor is not an old fool
He is deliberately condoning us to fight with King Liang
This is also a kind of younger brother to the King of Liang
It's all your fault if it weren't for you several times
To provoke the King of Liang and the father and son of the Dong family
Can they come and assassinate the princess?
This narrow escape
Who knows if they will succeed next time?
Hey, princess, don't worry.
I will definitely move to the King Liang and Dong family.
Princess, who made you angry again?
Who else?
Dong Qiang, that bastard
What happened to Dong Qiang?
He got a fine sword casting technique
Father's Attack
Just give him a lot of questions for the Arms Bureau
It won't be a few years.
He can ascend to the above position